what's up guys everywhere from co tiles
dough now welcome to my gaming setup
video I've been wanting to do this for a
very long time it's sort of one of the
things that inspired me to do youtube
and i think my ends up is that quantity
where now I can hold it and show you
guys this is such an awesome video that
we wanted to do 25 to 50 let's be
awesome and yeah out and as well sorry
for the bad quality guys but I saw this
so this is like the setup here um but
I'm gonna quickly just go around my one
quote fastly it's just a keyboard
wardrobe and stuff like that um but you
guys are here for the setup not for that
and not for the bad quality but sorry
about that by the way okay so down here
we've got my xbox 360 this was actually
my dad's but now my deck around I guess
you could say I have this one it's quite
fast awesome you know some basic box
down here i have my wires which name
that um it's like all my boxes where I
Keyblade my gaming had central's and
like controller spare controls batteries
and chargers up here I have all my games
as you can see there on his room he had
it so I put one get out of there got
around my um and then just a couple
of all right here I've got my jellyfish
coop ok then I'll walk in and then yeah
let's just go to the cell so I'm going
to sit down and yeah so under there is
actually a box where I keep a lot of
boxes black el gato blue snowball stuff
etc etc I'm here in the back is my mac i
miss a 2008 mac but it's pretty sick
i've got the newest update and stuff on
it and it is an amazing map by literally
amazing and by the way I'm Oakland on my
iPad um I thought I'm then up here i
have my
windows a asus gaming laptop is sort of
a gaming laptop he's quite good sorry
about that really good specs but sony
vegas minecraft I've got photoshop on
their light works and those are
essentials but this is like what I
mainly use now my videos I mainly
recorder than that put it on a memory
stick then put it on that and then I
know a short of like whatever I thought
I'd doing that day I guess you could say
haha rhymes and then the left side here
we have my trust and on the right side
we have my trust speakers which are
pretty awesome and this is a 1080p
monitor by the way that is in 1080p and
that's a 1080p samsung when it's a which
actually play my games on and everything
like that I have the cold bitch XC ones
not the best headset in the world but
they are fine for me and you know you
don't need the best headset so these are
why I like they're pretty good and all
um well if we got round the back here
just behind my laptop I've got my blue
snowball and a billion wires which will
be gone soon and that's where I do all
my audio and stuff here we've got a
rubbish chair from ikea it does the job
well so i'm gonna be getting an actual
one where you can spin round then you
know all over etc etc and then let's
take a pic over two yr island I have no
ghetto charges why yours export
everything like that down there which is
pretty cool um and then I just have my
audio and put a poster happy I ever
gives a wall controller a limited
edition pretty pretty nice and i guess
thats my setup really of them my iphone
which I'd unlock stuff on and this
keyboard here which I actually got for
Christmas Mitch I haven't gone by the
power but yeah that's about it for
myself oh and this flight yeah pretty
awesome right
and three two one now I know it was
quite a short set up video I try to make
it the best but it's not really much I
see where mic setup expands then I'm
obviously gonna do a better one and get
back camera but yeah thank you guys for
watching me figure 25 fish let's be much
appreciated anyways my name is Jen's
I'll see you in the next video before